.codex/context/progress.md, before:

---
created: 2026-02-24T08:40:08Z
last_updated: 2026-02-24T08:40:08Z
version: 1.0
author: codex
---

# Progress

## Current Status
- Codex skill migration context is captured in `.archive/context/codex-skill-migration-context-2026-02-24.md`.
- Repo-local skill set and references exist under `.codex/skills/*`.
- Closing ceremony gates were executed for this session:
  - Pass: `npm run type-check`
  - Pass: `npm run lint`
  - Pass: `npm run test`
  - Pass: `npm run dev` startup health check (Vite and server both started)
  - Pass: Storybook health (`http://localhost:6006/` responding `200`)

## What Changed This Session
- Added Codex skills, references, scripts, and context README under `.codex/`.
- Added Sprint 8 changelog entry in `kanban/CHANGELOG.md`.
- Added this progress document for ceremony/context continuity.
- Saved closing-ceremony port preflight plan in `.archive/plans/`.

## Notes
- Local runtime checks required elevated execution in this environment due sandbox `EPERM` socket/IPC restrictions.
- A persisted approval now exists for elevated `npm run dev` and `npm run storybook`.

## Next Steps
1. Implement the approved port-preflight enhancement to the closing ceremony workflow.
2. Stage intended files and commit on `feature/codex-setup` after explicit approval.
3. Push branch after explicit approval.

Commit message:

chore(codex): harden closing ceremony remediation and post-close handoff

.codex/context/progress.md, after:

---
created: 2026-02-24T08:40:08Z
last_updated: 2026-02-24T10:59:41Z
version: 1.0
author: codex
---

# Progress

## Current Status
- Codex skill migration context is captured in `.archive/context/codex-skill-migration-context-2026-02-24.md`.
- Repo-local skill set and references exist under `.codex/skills/*`.
- Closing ceremony gates were executed for this session:
  - Pass: `npm run type-check`
  - Pass: `npm run lint`
  - Pass: `npm run test`
  - Pass: `npm run dev` startup health check (Vite and server both started)
  - Pass: Storybook health (`http://localhost:6006/` responding `200`)

## What Changed This Session
- Added Codex skills, references, scripts, and context README under `.codex/`.
- Added Sprint 8 changelog entry in `kanban/CHANGELOG.md`.
- Added this progress document for ceremony/context continuity.
- Saved closing-ceremony port preflight plan in `.archive/plans/`.
- Updated closing-ceremony skill references with explicit post-close handoff steps.

## Notes
- Local runtime checks required elevated execution in this environment due sandbox `EPERM` socket/IPC restrictions.
- A persisted approval now exists for elevated `npm run dev` and `npm run storybook`.

## Next Steps
1. Merge `feature/codex-setup` into the reported target branch (typically the active `sprint/*` branch) after review/approval.
2. On the target branch, re-run integration gates (`npm run type-check`, `npm run lint`, `npm run test`) and resolve any merge fallout.
3. Start the next work session from the target branch and pick the next prioritized backlog card.
